Kathleen Marshall: The session is going to be with Crystal cook 1123 76, date of birth, her Esper is reviewed and shows Odyssey score of zero her death 10 score is seven her PMT is reviewed for North Carolina and shows only one to pass prescriptions and
Kathleen Marshall: June comma for oxy codeine acetaminophen five milligrams 14 tabs total from two different providers at the same address and willing to admit her now.
Kathleen Marshall: Hello. Can you hear me.
Crystal Cook: Yeah. Can you hear me.
Kathleen Marshall: Yes. Great. I'm Dr. Marshall, how are you
Kathleen Marshall: Okay. All right. So tell me what what brings you to bright heart health, what's going on.
Crystal Cook: Obviously code. And I'm very seriously trying to get all seven really
Kathleen Marshall: OK, OK. Tell me about your history with drugs. When did you start and what's what's happened in your life.
Crystal Cook: What is happening. I'm not 2009 I had neck surgery.
I'm going to LA.
Crystal Cook: From deterioration of the DS and based well that 2003 actually when it started with the pain with Dr. The Bochy I went really didn't get addicted to them being the later on or 2009 I had my neck surgery.
Crystal Cook: Okay, been ever since it's been a road with them.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, you have the next surgery. What if you had a plate put into what fuse the desk for
Crystal Cook: You had a fusion. Fusion on see six and seven.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, and did the pain get better.
Crystal Cook: It's a lot better and yeah
Kathleen Marshall: A lot better, but then you realize that you were addicted.
Crystal Cook: Yeah, it's been a road and it's been hard to stay away from them.
Kathleen Marshall: And before 2003 and a drug use before that.
Crystal Cook: Marijuana now.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And from 2003 to 2009 were you on prescription medication or getting pills off the street.
Crystal Cook: I was on prescription medication.
Kathleen Marshall: Prescription at Whole time. Okay.
Crystal Cook: Open on 2009
Kathleen Marshall: When the pain would flare.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah okay we're between that time were you using the medication to get high at all or mostly for pain.
Crystal Cook: We're paying them.
Kathleen Marshall: For pain bad. And then, so tell me after the surgery, what happens
Crystal Cook: When, when I stopped. I get my music kept getting like going through dt. So I started buying them off the street.
Or whenever I
Crystal Cook: Are going to the emergency room, getting them when I could, yeah.
Crystal Cook: With plane in the ditch and do it the same time. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And have you ever use injection
Crystal Cook: I yeah about three years ago, but for about two months.
Kathleen Marshall: And I, when I
Crystal Cook: Know, I've never done heroin methamphetamine.
Methamphetamine
Kathleen Marshall: And was that for the high of methamphetamine or was our different reason.
Crystal Cook: To get high.
Crystal Cook: I try somebody talked me into it.
Kathleen Marshall: Any history of overdoses.
Crystal Cook: No, I haven't had any overdoses.
Crystal Cook: Thank God.
Kathleen Marshall: Thank God. Yeah. How about any hospitalizations for drug use.
Kathleen Marshall: No. No. Have you had legal problems with Dr. You
Crystal Cook: Know I'm having getting trouble.
No trouble.
Kathleen Marshall: And most recently, say in the past few months, what kind of drugs. Have you been using
Crystal Cook: Just the oxy code on
Kathleen Marshall: Such a day, twice a short acting or long acting
Crystal Cook: Now unsecured on the purpose
Kathleen Marshall: The purpose of you.
Kathleen Marshall: Are usually getting the five milligram cars off the street.
Kathleen Marshall: ITN 10. Okay, and how many do you tend to take a day.
Crystal Cook: I have as many as possibly I could get sometimes 345 a day.
Kathleen Marshall: And then some days. Are you not able to get any
Crystal Cook: Yeah, some days you know just never
Kathleen Marshall: And you have withdrawals on those days.
Kathleen Marshall: Yes, now
Kathleen Marshall: Tell me what you feel.
Crystal Cook: I feel feverish throwing up and diarrhea and don't want to get out of band. I can't eat.
Young
Kathleen Marshall: And what prevents you from being able to get drugs off the street is that supply know what what goes on money.
The supply
Kathleen Marshall: Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Have you ever tried any treatment programs or medication treatment.
Crystal Cook: No, never.
Never
Kathleen Marshall: What do you think is motivating you to get help now.
Crystal Cook: Cuz I really need is becoming a problem and like a total her
Crystal Cook: went and got my CTO permit.
Crystal Cook: To and this is motivated me to most so
Crystal Cook: You know, because I'm going to be able to get back in and dump truck and get my studio license right now I've got a permit and
Crystal Cook: License.
Crystal Cook: You can't, you know, have drugs in your system and this is very important to me to do to get these like
Kathleen Marshall: Okay. Is that your livelihood, to be a cup to drive a dump truck.
Crystal Cook: Yeah, I was in a dump truck.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And did you have trouble with positive drug screens that would happen.
Crystal Cook: Well, it was a God that I worked for. He didn't do drug testing and stuff. It was on site. I didn't drive on the road. It was on side.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And what happened with that job.
Crystal Cook: And we got laid off.
Crystal Cook: Due to the protein bars and all that. We're not going to work because we mostly redo
Crystal Cook: runways at airports and stuff.
Kathleen Marshall: OK. OK.
Kathleen Marshall: So now you're looking to get a legitimate life and
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah, I got
Crystal Cook: You, I've got to see do permit.
Kathleen Marshall: Permit okay so
Crystal Cook: In order for me to get to do T card. I cannot have no drugs in my system period. Oh.
Crystal Cook: Okay, I really want this.
Crystal Cook: Yeah, really.
Kathleen Marshall: Well, I'm going to go back in your medical history a little bit and we'll go kind of through things and then we'll talk more. What's your path knows when it's raining other problems like diabetes blood pressure issues, anything
Crystal Cook: Just as much as
Kathleen Marshall: Ever been hospitalized for asthma flare.
Crystal Cook: Years ago, not
Crystal Cook: Recently during thing.
Kathleen Marshall: Like when you were a child or in your 20s.
Crystal Cook: Um, it's probably being
Crystal Cook: Round maybe my last time you about 25 or so, something like that.
Kathleen Marshall: For you ever intubated needing a breathing tube.
Crystal Cook: Know, the only time I've ever had a breathing to retrain is when I got burned as a child out if you see a score on my neck and had a train before
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, you had a train from IBM
Crystal Cook: Yeah, I got burnt when I was 12
Crystal Cook: Oh, yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: Do you have any long term consequences think that
Crystal Cook: No. Okay. Sometimes I mean not know maybe about last 1015 years I used to have robot nightmares, but
Kathleen Marshall: How, how are you burn.
Crystal Cook: Through gas and when heater.
Crystal Cook: Trying to be able to fire.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Your face and
Crystal Cook: Neck to here and we can't really see it on my hand. Now, because at a tattoo.
Kathleen Marshall: Wow.
Yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: And your surgeries. You've had you. You mentioned the neck surgery. Any other surgeries.
Crystal Cook: NO, JUST A to B to C sections. Okay.
Crystal Cook: Elbow surgery to. I'm sorry.
Kathleen Marshall: Elbow surgery.
Crystal Cook: Nina's elbow.
Kathleen Marshall: What year was that can
See
Crystal Cook: That was way after month, I'm going to say
Crystal Cook: Anything 2000 live and maybe I'm not sure exactly
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, and how about the C section.
Crystal Cook: Um, well, my daughter's 13 so the last one was 2007 okay
Kathleen Marshall: And the one before.
Was
Crystal Cook: Minute.
Crystal Cook: My mind just went like
Crystal Cook: God
He's 2222
Kathleen Marshall: Maybe, maybe 2008
Kathleen Marshall: Oh no, we're not. That's not far enough 22,000 or two or
Crystal Cook: 1998 9898 I
Kathleen Marshall: Got one more 9598 191. Okay, another child 1995
Crystal Cook: Yeah, but that was natural.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay.
Crystal Cook: My son, the 98 when I first see section doom. When my daughter was thousand seven
Kathleen Marshall: Have a
Kathleen Marshall: Complication your reasons for the C section.
Crystal Cook: Yeah, my son was breached.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: How about any medications that you take currently
Crystal Cook: None. None.
Kathleen Marshall: Do you have an inhaler for your all beautiful if you need it.
Crystal Cook: I haven't had one in a while.
Kathleen Marshall: I haven't. I want to want
Kathleen Marshall: How about any allergies to medicine.
Crystal Cook: I'm allergic to hundred code on it, don't swear my throat. But when I take it the hospital gave it to me before and it will up me and more thing and give me more Fenian IV and it just will up my arm.
Kathleen Marshall: So, tell me again. You got hydrocodone a pill.
Crystal Cook: Yeah, they had gave me some emergency room aggregated give me two more thing after morphine and will think it didn't swear my throat or anything and and 100 code on done the same thing. Well,
Crystal Cook: I just break out like well ups.
Kathleen Marshall: Oh, okay.
Yeah.
Crystal Cook: Didn't like swill my throat or anything like that.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, but that doesn't happen with purpose that
Crystal Cook: No, it hasn't. So far gone
Kathleen Marshall: Have you ever had any other opioid, like I lauded or upon anything else.
Crystal Cook: I'm done. Now, in the past.
Kathleen Marshall: And no rashes with that.
No. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Was that prescription. The fentanyl or off the street.
Crystal Cook: Of destroying the patches.
Kathleen Marshall: And did you not like that.
Crystal Cook: Huh.
Kathleen Marshall: What did you not like the central office three. Why did you go back to the purchase.
Crystal Cook: Because I can't get the Vietnam.
Kathleen Marshall: In your money back.
Yeah.
Crystal Cook: Actually I've tried to create a few times on my own and not good clown in the turning back because the cravings and
Kathleen Marshall: Have you ever taken Suboxone off the tree.
Crystal Cook: Yes, I have.
Kathleen Marshall: And what has happened without for you.
Crystal Cook: It had worked really well. I
Crystal Cook: Tried it one time and there for about a week or so after taking it was a
Crystal Cook: District
Crystal Cook: I didn't even want nothing peels or anything, and have no craven
Kathleen Marshall: Yes. Yeah. And so then what happened.
Crystal Cook: Well, after I didn't have no more dad and I started recurring right Matt.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, okay.
Yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: Did you ever try to seek out anyone to get you know Suboxone legitimately from
Crystal Cook: No, no, no.
Kathleen Marshall: And tell me about your family history, your parents, their health.
Crystal Cook: Not bothering he died at 47 with the massive heart attack.
Kathleen Marshall: When I was
In
Crystal Cook: I he had high blood pressure. My mother. She's got
Crystal Cook: Sugar and high blood pressure. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Uh, she's still alive.
Yeah, okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And how about your children. Are they healthy
Crystal Cook: Yeah, they're helping. Okay. And she had a stroke to two strokes.
My mother.
Kathleen Marshall: And
Kathleen Marshall: Me history. Have you ever been diagnosed with depression, anxiety, bipolar anything
Crystal Cook: About polar
Kathleen Marshall: Polar by a psychiatrist or primary care doctor
Crystal Cook: Yo, is through pathway.
Crystal Cook: And Lincoln did what your mind.
Kathleen Marshall: Pathways is what is an outpatient program.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah okay not related to drugs. It's a separate
Kathleen Marshall: Treatment Center.
Crystal Cook: Yeah, I think, a pretty broad sweeping way.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And did you go there because you were having mood problems.
Crystal Cook: Yes, and anger issues and
Kathleen Marshall: When was that
Crystal Cook: That was my teen years ago.
Crystal Cook: My son that's 20 he was about
Crystal Cook: 10 years ago because he was diagnosed with ADHD. Okay. And we were having anger issues. So we both had to go for counseling and that's when they die.
Kathleen Marshall: They try you on any
Medication
Crystal Cook: But for things when they have you know
Kathleen Marshall: And did you like it.
Kathleen Marshall: Or not.
Crystal Cook: Okay, and I couldn't eat anything
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, you couldn't eat.
Crystal Cook: Yeah, good me or do we
Crystal Cook: Not do
Crystal Cook: Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And since then, have you had
Crystal Cook: With a
Crystal Cook: nun not not
Do you see a primary care doctor
Crystal Cook: I didn't have one
Crystal Cook: Read and Lincoln.
Crystal Cook: Lincoln family practice. Okay. Robert reading
Kathleen Marshall: Are you seeing him.
Crystal Cook: I haven't seen him in a while. Okay, last does seem was three years ago I was in a car wreck my friend, put me in his car three times.
Crystal Cook: And as the last I seen him because I wouldn't sell paid. I was paying out of pocket because I didn't have insurance.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: How old are you, crystal.
I'm 4343
Kathleen Marshall: Have you had
Kathleen Marshall: Have you had a mammogram.
Kathleen Marshall: Breathing.
Crystal Cook: None
Kathleen Marshall: And tell me, I saw in one of the
Crystal Cook: Intake
Kathleen Marshall: Question. Are they did you do smoke.
Crystal Cook: Cigarettes or
Kathleen Marshall: marijuana cigarettes.
Crystal Cook: Yes.
Kathleen Marshall: How much do you smoke.
Crystal Cook: Wow. Now, I used to smoke a pack a day sometimes about up to a pack and a half and
Crystal Cook: I was telling her that something else. I really
Crystal Cook: Want to quit, too.
Okay, okay.
Kathleen Marshall: When did you start smoking. How old were you
Crystal Cook: I was about 12 lemon or when I was young.
Kathleen Marshall: Did you grow up in North Carolina.
Yes.
Kathleen Marshall: And who do you live with currently
Crystal Cook: And my brother and
Kathleen Marshall: He is it stable housing.
Crystal Cook: Yes, ma'am.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay. And do you have enough money for food all the time.
Crystal Cook: Yes. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Have you ever done any group meetings like an A or a type meeting.
Crystal Cook: No.
No.
Kathleen Marshall: Do you have any family history of addiction.
Crystal Cook: Yeah, I've had a brother. He died at 37 on crack cocaine. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: That's awful.
Crystal Cook: Yeah, that's another thing to
Kathleen Marshall: Other siblings. Do you have any others. You've mentioned, I think live with you said a brother.
Crystal Cook: Huh.
Kathleen Marshall: Do you have other siblings. I think you said you live with a brother.
Crystal Cook: And my youngest brother.
Crystal Cook: Yes, you gotta do. Yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: Is he healthy
Crystal Cook: Yeah, and he's got a rare thing. It's called jagger's is type of
Crystal Cook: Calm liking your parlance. Mm hmm. Is it time but they grow being he's had surgery for them. He was born with it, but it's a rare type of politic jagger's
Huh.
Kathleen Marshall: Colon
Crystal Cook: Yeah, he's had parviz Cohen took out because they've gotten being
Kathleen Marshall: So have you had a colonoscopy.
No. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: The people you live with, are they
Kathleen Marshall: Supportive of your recovery of your trying right now.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah, okay.
Yeah.
Crystal Cook: She's
Crystal Cook: She's actually want to give me the money so I can do this.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay. Is anyone in the house using drugs.
Crystal Cook: No. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Do you know I'm going to do I'm kind of
Kathleen Marshall: Over the zoom name physical exam.
Kathleen Marshall: To find your pulse.
With your finger.
Crystal Cook: Right here.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah, yeah, you kind of feel, you know, there's this this front part of your method stuff bonus to try it out.
Kathleen Marshall: And then if there's a muffin calm down in between that area fingers feel fear.
Crystal Cook: Yeah, right there.
Kathleen Marshall: So I'm gonna get my timer here. And once you get it nice and steady.
Kathleen Marshall: And when I say start you'll just start counting to yourself and then I'll say stop and you tell me how many thoughts.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah, but you feel it.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah okay ready start counting
Kathleen Marshall: Stop.
Kathleen Marshall: 72 and how tall are you,
Crystal Cook: For
Kathleen Marshall: And how much do you weigh about
Crystal Cook: About 160 now.
Kathleen Marshall: I have a lot of
Crystal Cook: Me in here.
Kathleen Marshall: During the coronavirus
Crystal Cook: Hi.
Kathleen Marshall: Darren coronavirus
Crystal Cook: Yeah.
Crystal Cook: I was like 130 now gained up to about 160
Kathleen Marshall: Over how long
Crystal Cook: It's been here since December so
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: You mean you've been at this House.
Crystal Cook: Yeah, since December.
Kathleen Marshall: And do you know why is it just from your diet or do you think there's other reason.
Crystal Cook: No, just my diet being here one nowhere not running the road, Charlie.
Crystal Cook: Okay. Dr. Just trying
To
Kathleen Marshall: Use and you've been there. Did you move from elsewhere or just change housing.
Crystal Cook: On yeah I had my own place.
Crystal Cook: To December 31 yeah
Kathleen Marshall: And it's not when you lost your, your job or was it later.
Crystal Cook: Yeah, that's when I got laid off. Yeah, okay.
Kathleen Marshall: So I'm gonna have you lean forward and bring your eyes and just pull down so I can see kind of the inside there.
Crystal Cook: Okay, I'm holding a phone.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, you can do. You know, one of the times.
Crystal Cook: When wearing
Kathleen Marshall: Where you can go down a little better light.
Kathleen Marshall: On you. That's better. Yeah.
Okay, yeah, that's
Kathleen Marshall: Good. And the other one.
Kathleen Marshall: Good all normal. And then I'm just bring the phone, a little bit down so I can see your face the bottom of your face and open your mouth.
Kathleen Marshall: And stick your tongue out good. Then take your one hand and push on your neck. See if you feel any lumps or bumps.
Crystal Cook: No.
Kathleen Marshall: And then do you have full range of motion of your neck.
Kathleen Marshall: Or not anymore.
Crystal Cook: No, just like that. So,
Kathleen Marshall: Far, okay.
Yeah, okay.
Crystal Cook: You have to turn
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah, and then just with your eyes look over to the side. Just move your eyes looking
Kathleen Marshall: To decide. Yeah, just, you know, like, see my eyes. Let's move your eyes.
Kathleen Marshall: To the side. Yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: And then to the other side and look up with your eyes and look down.
Kathleen Marshall: Good. Then I'm going to have you take one hand and just push on your belly. On the right side, right under your ribs and tell me if you feel any pain.
Kathleen Marshall: No, and then the lower side on the right, same thing.
Crystal Cook: No.
Kathleen Marshall: And then the left side load on any pain.
Kathleen Marshall: And then the left side right under the red
Crystal Cook: No. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: No stomach problems, you don't have any acid reflux.
Crystal Cook: Now got old Sir no sir
Kathleen Marshall: You have had an ulcer before
Yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: How do you know that
Crystal Cook: They've done it as made me take a strong and a silver balloon and blowing it actually I hadn't bacteria from it. My stomach, but
Kathleen Marshall: Uh,
Kathleen Marshall: Huh. H. Pylori
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah, yeah. Did you get treatment for it.
Crystal Cook: Yeah, I was on a Prozac.
Kathleen Marshall: When we're
Crystal Cook: Probably
Crystal Cook: I think it's about 2013
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Have you ever had any belly surgeries, besides the C sections and the two wall.
Crystal Cook: None, okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And then either bring the phone down to your leg or if you can bring your leg up so I can see kind of around your ankles.
Crystal Cook: You see,
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah, good. And the other one.
Kathleen Marshall: Good.
Kathleen Marshall: That's good.
Kathleen Marshall: And how about her arms.
Kathleen Marshall: You, you might need to move them one at a time. But you have full range of motion with your arms.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah, good. And the other one.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah, good. Okay. All right.
Kathleen Marshall: So let me tell you about right heart health. And then about Suboxone before I get into what we might treat you with, um, tell me. When was your last dose of any Percocet.
Crystal Cook: Earlier.
Kathleen Marshall: Like an hour or hour
Crystal Cook: Maybe two hours ago.
Kathleen Marshall: Two hours ago. OK.
Crystal Cook: Yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: It's ok with me. But that's what you're here for. Okay.
Crystal Cook: Yes, I don't want him to know that Adam snuck off, you know,
Crystal Cook: They're trying to me. They really are.
Kathleen Marshall: So I asked that you're not feeling any withdrawal right now, I would imagine, right.
Time.
Kathleen Marshall: For you. How many hours do go before you start feeling
Crystal Cook: And I can go buy that for hours and I'm wanting another one, maybe four hours six hours, something like that.
Kathleen Marshall: You start craving. Are you feeling any symptoms done like nausea or
Kathleen Marshall: Trend ARIA
Crystal Cook: I get shaky like
Shaky.
Kathleen Marshall: So bright heart health, you know, we're in this an online platform and the way we work. So you have a medication check in.
Kathleen Marshall: With me in on your physician that will be prescribing the medication. I see you at the beginning, once a week, so that we know you know how your dose is doing.
Kathleen Marshall: How your cravings are and any problems that are coming up and then prescribe you we prescribe generally at first couple of your week
Kathleen Marshall: Or
Kathleen Marshall: Usually a week at a time. But we're seeing you on a Thursday. And we have a group on Tuesday evenings at around the same time seven o'clock.
Kathleen Marshall: And it says zoom group.
Kathleen Marshall: So everyone just come
Kathleen Marshall: In and it's your place to vent to get support from other people that you know you don't know and they don't live right near you. So it's helpful because they're they're strangers in a way and it's safe. In that sense, you know, you're not
Kathleen Marshall: It's not your neighbor or
Something
Kathleen Marshall: And I check in with you there and check in about your medications and prescribing your medications. From there, at some point, we're still working on North Carolina payment plan with coronavirus there's been ups and downs.
Kathleen Marshall: With kind of how the government is reimbursing but we'll get a therapist in that meeting as well and they will
Kathleen Marshall: Leave the meeting. And then you also get to meet with the individual therapist. Once all of that is coordinated for right now it's just with me and then the group.
Kathleen Marshall: And then each week, you do a survey of all the BAM you check into the virtual clinic, just like you did today.
Kathleen Marshall: And when you check in before your group meeting you will get assigned to do the band takes about 10 minutes and it helps us keep track of your symptom and your cravings and how you're doing with that.
Kathleen Marshall: The other thing is, you know, they sent you.
Kathleen Marshall: Probably blood work orders.
Kathleen Marshall: How they told you about that yet.
Kathleen Marshall: No. Okay, so we send initial blood work, which just helps us know your liver function because the medication that we'll talk about can affect can have an effect on your liver. If you have underlying liver
Problems.
Kathleen Marshall: And it checks for hepatitis and just other kind of basic labs that we look for when we prescribe Suboxone we don't hold back on prescribing it on before we see those labs, but we like to see them within a week or two, so that we know every okay
Kathleen Marshall: After that you do a urine drug screen with us once a month and the most important thing about that to remember is when you get it in the mail, because it's mailed to you.
Kathleen Marshall: Don't open the package from bright heart health, so you'll know it's coming but let you know when you receive it. Just keep it in a package.
Kathleen Marshall: To log on to the virtual clinic and, you know, tell them you have your drug screen.
Kathleen Marshall: And someone will zoom meeting with you and walk you through the steps so that the test is valid, you basically hold up the sample after up and they they can read it right off of there.
Kathleen Marshall: So that they can read the results right into us, it's very convenient because you don't have to go to the, you know, any facility or laboratory to do it by. You just have to remember not to open it. Because then we don't know what people have done with it.
Kathleen Marshall: No. And when what our role is is
Kathleen Marshall: We're trying to support you in your recovery. We're not trying to catch you.
Kathleen Marshall: We're not trying to say, oh you slept. You had a relapse. We know people have relapses we're looking for you to be honest with your recovery and tell us you know beforehand. I had a relapse. This is what's going to be on my drug screen, you know,
Kathleen Marshall: So that we're all in this
Together.
Kathleen Marshall: It's all our way through that people are uncomfortable.
Kathleen Marshall: See it on our drug screen we can address it. So hey, what's what's going on. Do you need more support do you need, you know, another counseling session like what's happening with with you that this is going on. So we don't use it as a we got you and you're kicked out or
Kathleen Marshall: Something like that.
Kathleen Marshall: So, so our program. So the medication that that I would be prescribing that I recommend for you is Suboxone which, you know, I've used a few times. He said, but this one is will be legitimate and generally will use it before to do a task or film.
Crystal Cook: I need to do. I would rather not have no appeal form because I just feel like if his appeal form is going to be the same thing is if I wouldn't take a Percocet.
Crystal Cook: Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah I would rather
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah. Do you mean just it would trigger you
Crystal Cook: Yeah, I'm scared would
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: So in the past and you got Suboxone off the street. Did you get the film form the strip
Crystal Cook: Yes, yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: That's generally what I prescribe but some people have a preference for, you know, the tabs. Sometimes the table.
Kathleen Marshall: None of them have a pleasant, but
Kathleen Marshall: Some people tolerate one better than the
Kathleen Marshall: Other films, you know, when you take them. They are placed under the tongue and the generally overprescribing just party not putting multiple
Kathleen Marshall: So one film or a piece of a film at a time, you put it under the tongue. Some people say how to have a little bit of water before you put the film under it'll help it dissolve. You have to wait till it fully physicals
Kathleen Marshall: Can take 15 minutes for some people but you want to make sure all the way dissolves and the drug itself is a combination of two drugs that has been an orphan in it and a lot so on.
Kathleen Marshall: And so the buprenorphine.
Kathleen Marshall: Is the drug that you're looking for. That's what's treating your addiction. So when you take regular opioids off the street Percocet.
Kathleen Marshall: Heroin any
Kathleen Marshall: People are getting off the street.
Kathleen Marshall: For that they're getting from a doctor for pain. Those attached, you know, to all the opioid receptors in your brain. They help control your brain, but they also cause that as you know that high.
Crystal Cook: And
Kathleen Marshall: As you come down, you feel low and you feel craving So buprenorphine is partially a way to think of it as almost like it partially attaches
Kathleen Marshall: Good attaches on but it doesn't turn on the receptors in the same way.
Kathleen Marshall: So it helps because it does control the breathing, but it doesn't give you that high, and then the withdraw, you kind of get on a regular Joe
Kathleen Marshall: And you're just steady
Kathleen Marshall: You feel like yourself. Oh, and if, when we get to adults. That's good for you, you're not having cravings for opioid another time.
Kathleen Marshall: So the but the point, the one part to know is that buprenorphine will attach
Kathleen Marshall: Onto your brain, all those receptors.
Kathleen Marshall: A lot stronger than a regular opioid so that means if you are not in withdraw when you take Suboxone it will knock you into withdrawal, because it will grab
Kathleen Marshall: All the opium and all the all the heroin right off.
Kathleen Marshall: So when you start Suboxone it's really important that you are in a moderate amount of withdrawal. You want to be feeling you
Kathleen Marshall: Know the longer you can go the
Kathleen Marshall: The easier. Your initiation. We call it you're starting the Suboxone will be so I generally say you want to have at least three of the symptoms of withdrawal meaning like you're feeling
Crystal Cook: Restless, you're
Kathleen Marshall: Sweating. You're yawning, you know, maybe you look at your pupils and you see they're really dilated, some people get runny nose or teary eyes.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah, and then the valley sentence nausea or diarrhea.
Kathleen Marshall: You want to be having a few of those symptoms before you start the Suboxone because then you'll know that you're in withdrawal and when you
Crystal Cook: Work a box on it's going to
Kathleen Marshall: Make you feel better.
Kathleen Marshall: Not make you feel worse by knocking you into withdrawal.
Crystal Cook: So,
Kathleen Marshall: The other part of the Suboxone is no oxygen.
Kathleen Marshall: And that heart.
Kathleen Marshall: When you talk about some under the tongue.
Kathleen Marshall: Doesn't really get on board.
And
Kathleen Marshall: The reason. And the last one is there is so that people don't try to steal Suboxone from you or or take it from you and try to get high because if you melt them down.
Kathleen Marshall: And injected or swallow it.
Kathleen Marshall: Down in the loft sonya will block the effect
Kathleen Marshall: So there's no kind of highs or lows, so it's it's really a safety measure that they put it in there.
Kathleen Marshall: When I prescribe Suboxone I also
Kathleen Marshall: Prescribe can
Kathleen Marshall: Are you familiar with that at all.
Yeah.
Crystal Cook: So I've never
Crystal Cook: Good.
Crystal Cook: I've seen it. I've never
Crystal Cook: Used it a friend of mine goes, yeah, he was used to shoot crack cocaine cocaine and he had some you stab in your bag or whatever.
Crystal Cook: He got them down to
Crystal Cook: The hospital, get him on them.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, so I'm giving you. It's a narc handle that you score in your nose and if in case of an of an accidental overdose.
Kathleen Marshall: On you. It could be used on you you if you have a friend who's on drugs and overdoses. You can use that. I'll send you an email that has a link to how to use that I just prescribe it the one time because
Kathleen Marshall: It's good to have at home.
It's not a controlled substance.
Kathleen Marshall: And
Kathleen Marshall: The important thing is if you ever were to have an overdose or treat someone for an overdose. You want to call 911 after because the Narcan are short acting
Kathleen Marshall: It'll block the effects of the opioids, but you can
Kathleen Marshall: Go right back into the overdrive.
Kathleen Marshall: So you call 911 if you ever need to use that. OK.
Kathleen Marshall: So the Suboxone that way that we use.
Kathleen Marshall: Comes in that film.
Kathleen Marshall: And I called in.
Kathleen Marshall: You know comes in a film in a container and a silver container. You can cut it inside of the container at the wrapping that it's and you can put it inside of there, if we
Kathleen Marshall: When we're using less than the whole
Kathleen Marshall: Strip.
Kathleen Marshall: And then take it out so that you don't get your fingers on it to
Kathleen Marshall: Cut it
Kathleen Marshall: So generally, I'm going to calculate here, the amount of opioid use so I'm
Kathleen Marshall: Everyone's body is different. That's why I will be working, you know, with you to figure out the right dose for you.
Kathleen Marshall: Generally when you're starting so
Kathleen Marshall: I want to be, you know, in about
Kathleen Marshall: 12 hours of withdrawal. We're thinking eight to 12 hours dealing with that.
Kathleen Marshall: That illness.
Kathleen Marshall: I'll have you take a film and cut it.
Kathleen Marshall: I would cut it with the amount
Kathleen Marshall: I would cut it in half.
Kathleen Marshall: I'm going to prescribe an eight milligrams film.
Kathleen Marshall: And you're going to cut it in half.
Kathleen Marshall: And take the first film.
Kathleen Marshall: Under your Tom
Kathleen Marshall: And then wait
Kathleen Marshall: At about four hours. If you're still feeling. What's your all take the other half of the film. Okay. And so then you will take a full Fallon. And then later on in the evening.
Kathleen Marshall: Eight hours later later another half of a film.
Kathleen Marshall: Feel taken one and a half, and I'll send you an email that list this again. So you have it.
Kathleen Marshall: You can actually look at it and paper.
Kathleen Marshall: The next day when you wake up.
Kathleen Marshall: You'll be talking a full film in the morning and a full film in the evening.
Kathleen Marshall: And then we'll check in next week and see a thought is controlling your pregnancy.
Kathleen Marshall: Usually that's a dose that will
Kathleen Marshall: cover most of your brain.
Kathleen Marshall: And hope you feel like you don't have any cravings.
Kathleen Marshall: And you don't feel too sleepy during the day and that you're functioning like yourself. So I
Kathleen Marshall: That's the prescription. I'm going to spend
Kathleen Marshall: It's the half stone and then four hours later, another half film, and then later on that evening, another half film and then the following day and every day after that.
Kathleen Marshall: To film.
Kathleen Marshall: One in the morning and one
Crystal Cook: Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Does that make sense.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah, okay.
Kathleen Marshall: So the group that we have now. I think I mentioned Tuesdays at seven is at a time, you're available.
Crystal Cook: Pm
Crystal Cook: Pm okay yeah
Crystal Cook: My time or your time.
Kathleen Marshall: Eastern Time.
Crystal Cook: Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah.
John yeah
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: So I'm gonna put you down as being in that group. So that means this Tuesday. You just check into the virtual clinic. Give yourself about 20 minutes or so before you check
Kathleen Marshall: In and can do that.
Kathleen Marshall: And then you'll be checked into the group every week, the group number changes and they give you the zoom number and then you'll find in. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, and then you and I will touch base and see how you're doing. And if we need any dose adjustments.
Kathleen Marshall: I am going to see here
Kathleen Marshall: That I have your information directly
Kathleen Marshall: Now let me tell you, as with any opioids or and buprenorphine is
Kathleen Marshall: Actually what we call partial agonist.
Crystal Cook: It's the same risk that
Kathleen Marshall: You're on. Now there are, there is a risk.
Kathleen Marshall: But much less of overlap.
Kathleen Marshall: There very minimal risk on Suboxone. That's why it's considered so safe and and that's why it's used as a prescription medication. This
Way.
Kathleen Marshall: There is danger if you're combining things like
Kathleen Marshall: Alcohol, which I call in your collection. I don't
Kathleen Marshall: Have any issues with alcohol.
Crystal Cook: No.
Kathleen Marshall: Do you like it. I didn't ask, how would your cigarettes.
Kathleen Marshall: Drink at all.
Crystal Cook: I used to your
Crystal Cook: It's not your, you know, I'm not allowed to hear but it's been a long time.
Crystal Cook: Of that when I was young.
Kathleen Marshall: So that if you're taking any sedating medicine like over the counter core going to sleep.
Kathleen Marshall: Or for anxiety.
Kathleen Marshall: Or get prescriptions for
Kathleen Marshall: Anxiety or
Kathleen Marshall: Prescriptions for pain you know gabapentin are they, that's when it gets in the when you see dangerous combination
Kathleen Marshall: But you don't have any of those, you know that you're taking right now so
Kathleen Marshall: Just to be aware of that you
Kathleen Marshall: Want to know, you always want to tell people I see a new doctor for
Crystal Cook: Something
Kathleen Marshall: What medications you're on.
Crystal Cook: Your own okay yeah no I haven't.
Crystal Cook: Either didn't
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: I'm gonna pull up
Kathleen Marshall: Your email.
Kathleen Marshall: agenda.com
Crystal Cook: Yes, ma'am.
Kathleen Marshall: And then I have your pharmacy as a Walmart pharmacy 306 North general Boulevard to 8909 to
Crystal Cook: The clothes here 07 now so
Kathleen Marshall: So you'll pick this up in the morning.
Yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: So if you go from now on, for tomorrow morning and go there, you'll be in a good amount of withdrawal, you'll be ready.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah yeah
Kathleen Marshall: And if you need you tonight, you know, take any Tylenol can help with any
Crystal Cook: Body.
Kathleen Marshall: That you're having so much wrong.
Kathleen Marshall: That's fine today with
Kathleen Marshall: With the buprenorphine.
Kathleen Marshall: Never take more than three grams of Tylenol in 24 hours.
Kathleen Marshall: Just anyway. So, but if you didn't take some Tylenol tonight.
Kathleen Marshall: That's also or or tomorrow morning. I will not have any problem.
Kathleen Marshall: Alright.
Kathleen Marshall: So I'm going to do 11 films that will get you tomorrow.
Kathleen Marshall: Saturday, Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, and one for Wednesday morning
Kathleen Marshall: So that when I see you on Tuesday.
Kathleen Marshall: You can go on Wednesday.
Kathleen Marshall: Already have your morning
Kathleen Marshall: I like to just keep you on while I do this so I make sure there's no problem, sending the prescription into your pharmacy. I'm sending over the computer.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And this is telling me here. I don't know if this is different, no active insurance coverage when I'm putting that right. Okay.
Yeah.
Crystal Cook: Insurance earlier.
Kathleen Marshall: And I don't know how much it will be. It's sometimes I get an Rx favor coupon. And this is not
Kathleen Marshall: It's not showing up for the Walmart.
Crystal Cook: On there when you're saying online. Yeah.
Crystal Cook: I'm not sure if it will he'll
Kathleen Marshall: Tell me again what she said.
Crystal Cook: Card for is a box and engage. I got it.
Crystal Cook: It's supposed to be a discount for Suboxone
Kathleen Marshall: You got a discount card for connection.
Crystal Cook: I downloaded. I think it says I have to go print it off somewhere.
Crystal Cook: Okay. How much have they run. They run. I mean, I have no idea.
Kathleen Marshall: Some people's and, you know, insurance, your favorite coupon will make it 40 or $50 but I've seen some that are hundred 150 so
Kathleen Marshall: It just depends, I can search. Another pharmacy, if you give me your city just to see if they come up with a coupon. I don't know if that's different than the card that you have
Crystal Cook: I'm
Crystal Cook: The drugstore naked and maybe that's the name of it, um,
Crystal Cook: Yeah, I do. All mom. Normally I use Walmart because they got some for dollar plans and stuff, a lot of
Crystal Cook: Medications in the past cheaper.
Crystal Cook: Yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: They may be the cheapest I just, I'm not
Kathleen Marshall: Sure why I'm not seeing
Kathleen Marshall: The same coupon.
Kathleen Marshall: So you're saying
Kathleen Marshall: Something in the mail. That's a card to point out
Crystal Cook: No, it was on the internet research. I was searching
Crystal Cook: Through and it popped up to say up to $170 without insurance, I think.
Crystal Cook: I got another phone. Hold on, I'll pull it
Crystal Cook: Up see it.
Crystal Cook: Work.
Crystal Cook: You see ya.
Kathleen Marshall: I'm not sure I'm just googling Walmart Suboxone. It looks like.
Kathleen Marshall: For the eight milligram films there for 14 of them, which I'm doing less than that, it's 109
Kathleen Marshall: So I'm guessing.
Kathleen Marshall: That it might be around.
Kathleen Marshall: 90 $90 but I don't know if your coupon omega laughs
Crystal Cook: Okay, yeah, I mean it's supposed to save up to $70
Crystal Cook: Okay.
All right.
Crystal Cook: just own up. Can you see the card.
Kathleen Marshall: It's the wall.
Kathleen Marshall: I can see the words about that. I can't tell what else
Kathleen Marshall: And you can let us know. You know, on Tuesday. If you're having issues.
Kathleen Marshall: We can try to see if there's a different pharmacy.
Kathleen Marshall: If this isn't working, but hopefully it's not a ridiculous amount of money.
Crystal Cook: Can you try look up the drugstore and Lincoln.
Oh,
Kathleen Marshall: Let me close out of this.
Kathleen Marshall: He said, It's Lincoln.
Crystal Cook: Yeah, it's called the drugstore, as the name. Oh.
Kathleen Marshall: What do you think the zip code.
Crystal Cook: To
Kathleen Marshall: The drug
Kathleen Marshall: So that one comes up with a
Kathleen Marshall: Coupon that says it'll be $34
Kathleen Marshall: You want to do that one.
Okay.
Yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: I'm sending the
Kathleen Marshall: Coupon to you.
Kathleen Marshall: through email, and then your text is it 980-989-7604
Crystal Cook: Yes, ma'am.
Crystal Cook: Yeah, my mom. She's got credit there too, if I have to. But since that cheap back and get it, you know, that's who she deals with didn't want to hurt prescription or cheaper to mom what they're
Kathleen Marshall: Great.
Crystal Cook: I didn't see it now, but I do, you know, like, um, I don't think
Kathleen Marshall: It's not a local wanna
Kathleen Marshall: Small pharmacy.
Crystal Cook: Yes, it's mile pharmacy.
Crystal Cook: That's my it's like
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: Alright that prescription and
Kathleen Marshall: Send to your pharmacy.
Kathleen Marshall: I'll be sending you an email at some
Crystal Cook: Point.
Crystal Cook: Plan on checking in on
Kathleen Marshall: Tuesday, and I'll see you in group there. Okay.
Crystal Cook: Okay.
Crystal Cook: All right.
Kathleen Marshall: You have any questions, anything else.
Crystal Cook: No, no second think go right in the moment.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay. All right. Well, it was really nice meeting you and I'm happy that you're starting on this journey.
Kathleen Marshall: The good news for you.
Crystal Cook: I feel good about it.
Kathleen Marshall: Yes, absolutely. All
Crystal Cook: Right. Thank you.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, thank you.
Crystal Cook: Have a good day. You too.
Kathleen Marshall: For crystal cook. Please also add that her GMAT score was 10 indicating moderate ANXIETY AND HER Ph few nights for a 16 indicating moderate
Kathleen Marshall: Moderately severe depression also that I'm sending an email with detailed instructions on her Suboxone dosing, comma, and also that in her
Kathleen Marshall: In the email. I'm recommending
Kathleen Marshall: That she have a referral to see a new and establish care with a PCP for routine medical care, as well as cancer screenings, which she is likely due for including mammogram and possibly cool enough to be given her family history.
Kathleen Marshall: And as well, her a Sam.
Kathleen Marshall: Indicates that she is appropriate for outpatient intensive outpatient treatment and recommend starting with bright heart health.
Kathleen Marshall: Thank you.
Kathleen Marshall: The next meeting is going to be for a patient Julia freeze.
Kathleen Marshall: Or data brokers.
Kathleen Marshall: She was discharged from our practice for no shows and not being we weren't able to return after to initial appointments
Kathleen Marshall: And now she is coming back for more treatment.
Kathleen Marshall: I reviewed her North Carolina.
Kathleen Marshall: Which shows that she had a column as Van prescription of 0.5 milligrams 30 tabs prescribed on 425 20 or filled on 425 20 prescriptions for 2120
Kathleen Marshall: From one provider and then she had her methylphenidate 20 milligram tabs. She was prescribed 30 days, which was written the 75 paths.
Kathleen Marshall: Filled on 510 20 but it was written on for 2220 and this was by Emily Walden.
Kathleen Marshall: And then she had two prescriptions in there from me for Suboxone
Kathleen Marshall: Her most recent PhD nine was a score of nine.
Kathleen Marshall: And her most recent gap seven was a score of 12 these rules administered on 526 20
Kathleen Marshall: numbers on that one looks like she's waiting and I'm going to admit her
Julia freeze: Hi.
Kathleen Marshall: Hi it's Dr. Marshall, how are you
Kathleen Marshall: Good. Good. All right. So, tell me what's going on. I saw you two times and then didn't hear from you. How are you doing,
Julia freeze: Have one this one broke it.
Julia freeze: When to call in or nothing. So I stretched out my subs that you had written me the last time, but I ran out like three days ago. So it's been three
Kathleen Marshall: Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: I think you're
Julia freeze: Good. And I've been trying to get there early is am I supposed to call me back. And then they never did.
Julia freeze: Then I called in on Tuesday and told them you know like I was like, God didn't have any more. And nobody in return my phone calls. So they pushed everything through them.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, I think you cut out before Tommy, what happened after I saw you. Why did you have to stretch out your pills you lost your insurance or
Julia freeze: Not my son bread like it was in two pieces. Yeah. So we my little girl had thrown it, I guess. Whenever we were going out in the car. She had thrown it out of her Corsi and I ran
Kathleen Marshall: Over it.
Kathleen Marshall: Oh no. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: Because we were making them.
Julia freeze: Actually got
Julia freeze: Really bad
Julia freeze: Where's my name.
Julia freeze: Oh, here it is.
Julia freeze: This is my
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, wow.
Kathleen Marshall: Oh my goodness.
Julia freeze: Yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: So then you just got a new phone earlier this week.
Yes.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And then you said you were calling Brian our health and you weren't getting called back
Julia freeze: Now, so I called them and they said that I had been discharged and I told them that I have not received my drug test, either because I've gotten into my emails and it said they had sent it, which I ended up finding it. They sent to my mom's house.
Julia freeze: I did find that, and they were like, well, we'll have somebody call you back, because you've been discharged or something and they said that they were gonna have to re enroll me and nobody was calling me back.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay.
Julia freeze: And that's do I had a little bit left at that point I was during a stretch them out of the. It's called me back and they do.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, when do you know when you first reach out some of that earlier this week.
Julia freeze: That was Friday.
Julia freeze: Okay, and then I spoke with my again Monday and then Tuesday when I told them, like it was urgent, urgent, urgent.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, and then they just had to get your go through insurance again and Medicaid.
Julia freeze: So they had me redo my forms and they said there about insurance because they had originally had me with you on Saturday. And I was like, I've really got to get it.
Julia freeze: Yeah, they got
Julia freeze: My last appointment for the labs and all that push through quicker.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, great.
Kathleen Marshall: Let me see here. You have never made it to group, right, because we
Kathleen Marshall: See you at a group
Kathleen Marshall: Now, okay, but that time works for you, right, that Tuesday at 7pm.
Julia freeze: That's what I was going to ask you if it was Tuesdays, or Thursdays.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah, Tuesday 7pm. She's so cute.
Julia freeze: And you have a number to knowledge.
Kathleen Marshall: Yes. So you check into the virtual clinic about 20 minutes or 30 minutes before because you'll do that fam that brief addiction monitor survey every week and then they give you the zoom meeting number and then you check in.
Kathleen Marshall: And
Kathleen Marshall: You know, once in a while. There's another baby in the room. But if you can have someone watch your kids. It's helpful.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah but but no adults other adults in the in the room because it's like a privacy issue for the other other people
Kathleen Marshall: See here.
Kathleen Marshall: Going back to when I last saw you.
Kathleen Marshall: Was it the did we do one more.
Kathleen Marshall: Prescribe Suboxone on for 25 right
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah. So how have you been taking it just a quarter or what have you been doing
Julia freeze: I was saying I ran out on Friday as whenever I was telling them, like, you know, like I'm getting low. And they'd nobody was returning my phone calls. So stop honey. And so, I mean, I was literally just cutting off little slivers
Kathleen Marshall: little slivers, okay.
Julia freeze: Which normally I have the normally I take the pills. I told you, cuz they don't taste is bad. And this last time you had to strip down that that was on accident, but it worked.
Julia freeze: Out it
Julia freeze: Was
Kathleen Marshall: A HAPPY ACCIDENT.
Julia freeze: Appeal, you can only cut it so small.
Kathleen Marshall: Right, absolutely. Yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: But you would prefer to go with the tab.
Julia freeze: Yeah, which I feel better now. But, I mean, it's
Julia freeze: Just like if I wait another day or two after like it's gonna be great.
Kathleen Marshall: If you wait another day or two. So, like, you'll be packed with
Julia freeze: That's what I feel like I just because it comes in, it goes away. Sorry, I'm
Julia freeze: Like it goes like right now. I feel really bad. And then like in 30 minutes I'll be fine for 10 minutes or seven. It's like her. And I'm sweating bad, like right now my armpits drink.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Any GI symptoms, nausea, diarrhea,
Julia freeze: Didn't really know who she is and have been going to the bathroom a lot. I've had hit
Julia freeze: Then this is the restless legs and the sweating.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Like I know or teary eyes.
Julia freeze: I've had runny nose, and Gary just filling. I can't go to the bathroom anymore.
Kathleen Marshall: And so when you say you feel like if you waited a few days you'd be passive withdrawal is that one thing you're thinking about of not going on Suboxone again.
Julia freeze: What it told you before Suboxone helps me stay off of opiates, which I don't like being on anything at all. And I just another thing I've been really depressed because like have withdrawals, but
Kathleen Marshall: Right, right.
Julia freeze: Yeah I know I need it but same time I felt
Yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah, feeling the withdrawals and feel like you need something
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: Well,
Kathleen Marshall: Julia. Did you use anything off the street.
Kathleen Marshall: And the full time.
No.
Julia freeze: That's great. I can't because I have probation. I told you that before being helped me. That's why they gave me probation so long because you
Julia freeze: Don't know.
Kathleen Marshall: How long is your probation go through
Julia freeze: I got it for another three and a half years.
Okay.
Julia freeze: Because I'm on probation for two years prior, and I never heard a drug.
Julia freeze: Like, I've got a kid failed drug test for probation, not on probation. I will
Kathleen Marshall: Right. Right. Okay.
Julia freeze: Yeah, no, I hear what you're saying, Listen, it's a common you'll, you'll hear it in group. Other people talk about that to
Kathleen Marshall: Some people really want to get off Suboxone quickly just because they don't want to have to have something
Kathleen Marshall: And we can do that, eventually. But right now, you know, just focus on getting stable and feeling, you know, no craving the withdrawals and being on a steady dose you switch psychiatrists to right
Julia freeze: Now I kept the same second Richard's books she took me off kalona pin and put me on. I didn't tell you my new medication. Hold on.
Julia freeze: Yeah it down. You gotta go play. Come on. Come on.
Julia freeze: My
Kathleen Marshall: Pharmacy open tonight.
Julia freeze: I don't think so. I think they've closed. There's only one open by
Julia freeze: The normal 24 hour pharmacies are close. There's only one. I don't think they have
Julia freeze: Medication is
Kathleen Marshall: Once a day or twice a day, or three times.
Julia freeze: It's to one in the morning and then two and night.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And that's from a Sam is it Linda Graham.
Julia freeze: Yeah. And she said, I told her you wanted me to come up with Jonathan, let me have yeah
Julia freeze: And
Julia freeze: So she said that would probably be better for my bipolar anyways.
Kathleen Marshall: Good. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Are you
Kathleen Marshall: Are you still taking the methylphenidate to the Adderall.
Julia freeze: Yeah, which
Julia freeze: Is really this last week because I just
Julia freeze: Didn't make
Kathleen Marshall: Any other health problems during this past month since I've seen you know
Kathleen Marshall: And remind me.
Kathleen Marshall: Have you been working with coronavirus another
Julia freeze: No, I'm just saying oh bomb. Normally, but I told you I was, I just got all their food, my financial aid that doesn't stop like may or August I don't know when school starts. But, uh, me and my boy started our own company. And that's actually picked up.
Julia freeze: And the last two weeks.
Julia freeze: Which is not been good with this, but
Kathleen Marshall: I've been made yet.
Julia freeze: It's God unique Dixie remodel
Great.
Kathleen Marshall: That's excellent. Do you know how to take your pulse on the side.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah, okay.
Julia freeze: Hold on, let me get straight
Kathleen Marshall: All right. Ready, I'll tell you when to start counting
Start
Julia freeze: That's right. So was jumping on me.
Kathleen Marshall: Right so pulses 90 see and then leave for. Let me see your eyes. You can do one at a time, senior
Kathleen Marshall: Good. And the other one.
Kathleen Marshall: Good and then back up a little and stick out your tongue.
Kathleen Marshall: Good.
Kathleen Marshall: Feel your throat.
Julia freeze: darts and she doesn't get back, wide awake.
Kathleen Marshall: any lumps or bumps on your neck.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: I can see all your extremities are moving so fast, any of that.
Kathleen Marshall: No new allergies to medicines, right.
Yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: You haven't been in the hospital, the past month.
Kathleen Marshall: No, no overdoses.
Julia freeze: Yeah, okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Are you feeling at all suicidal like you want to hurt yourself depressed.
Julia freeze: Yeah, like if I'm talking about something. I don't really know suppressed. I'm emotional
Kathleen Marshall: Emotional yeah okay good word.
Kathleen Marshall: How are you sleeping.
Julia freeze: Too much
Okay.
Julia freeze: That is one of the lucky ones when I don't feel good like that. I can just go lay down and pass out.
Kathleen Marshall: And so you remember with Bret Hart house went before when you were starting on this about Sony have been on it for a few weeks. Was that eight milligrams tab twice a day working well.
Julia freeze: No. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: No cravings in the middle of the day.
Julia freeze: About it. I don't know if this is normal, but
Julia freeze: Yeah, I know, I came with probation. I know I can't
Julia freeze: Um, so, I mean, I don't know.
Julia freeze: It wasn't like I was like oh my god sitting there, pondering all day about it but
Julia freeze: I think that would be nice but
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, well, we can. Let's start on the same dose will check in on Tuesday, as a group, and if we
Kathleen Marshall: If we need to Julia, we always could go up. We could go to a 12 milligram in the morning, you know, it's just up
Kathleen Marshall: By by basically half so and then do the eight at night and that you could see if that
Kathleen Marshall: Stops those midday cravings, but since you haven't been on any for a while. Let's go back to the tabs that are about eight milligrams have twice a day, and then I'll check in with you Tuesday.
Kathleen Marshall: You remember everything else you'll get the urine drug screen in the mail and they will you don't open it up, please check into the virtual clinic.
Julia freeze: Open the one they sent to my mom's she's coming this weekend. She'll be here tomorrow. Think so shut down and send out going in or call them. I know.
Julia freeze: Yeah, all
Kathleen Marshall: Right, you have to call in and I'll set you up with a zoom and and you can do that.
Kathleen Marshall: Tomorrow I would think, or, yeah.
Julia freeze: Go ahead and do that one that they sent before
Kathleen Marshall: Yes, I think that's fine too. Then they'll send another one and in 30 days.
Julia freeze: And then
Kathleen Marshall: I know before what we had talked about was the
Kathleen Marshall: Individual therapy.
Kathleen Marshall: But that is on hold in North Carolina right now, just because of i'm not sure what's going on there coronavirus funding so
Kathleen Marshall: For now, it's good. You have your psychiatrist, you'll meet with me in the group meetings and we'll do that once a week, but they're still there.
Last year,
Julia freeze: My phone died.
Kathleen Marshall: Oh, goodness. Okay.
Julia freeze: Was here says I give me your boat like money.
Kathleen Marshall: Oh, good. Okay, so he's
Kathleen Marshall: So right now, we're not doing the individual therapy, just because of North Carolina funding.
Kathleen Marshall: It may change within a few weeks, but I'm not sure. So you'll be meeting with me in the group meetings and that's where we'll do our med check in to
Kathleen Marshall: If you had an urgent need for therapy. We do have that. But you also have your psychiatrist, so I feel comfortable that you have, you know, some good support.
Kathleen Marshall: Your boyfriend. Is he in recovery to your
Day.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay. All right. So he supportive of your recovery.
Julia freeze: Yeah, he's been here like helping me this last week he understands
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, good.
Kathleen Marshall: So let's see, and still smoking a pack a day. Okay.
Julia freeze: I'll meet with you again before the group therapy right
Kathleen Marshall: No, not before Tuesday.
Julia freeze: So how do I get in on Tuesday, just called the chip the normal check in.
Kathleen Marshall: Yes, the normal check in and they will give you as a zoom meeting ID and they'll also give you that brief addiction monitor survey.
Kathleen Marshall: They'll give you a link. I think for it and you fill that out. That takes about 10 minutes but you can do that right before and then check in and
Kathleen Marshall: If you had any you know fear in the group. We usually check in right in front of everyone. If you have anything that you're uncomfortable sharing and you want to make sure to talk to me privately just let the virtual clinic, like on Monday.
Kathleen Marshall: Check in call them. Yeah.
Julia freeze: Like a what what is checking, I get really bad anxiety. So I just want to be prepared.
Kathleen Marshall: So it's group where you can see everyone's face in the zoom meeting, everyone is in treatment. So there's, you know, everyone is similar in that
Kathleen Marshall: People are in all different stages. Some people are brand new to Suboxone. Some people have been on it for five years. Done. Wow. We have several multiple women in the group. I think really have two men at this point. So we have a bunch of mothers yeah with young kids.
Kathleen Marshall: And usually we kind of round robin and everybody says how they're doing for the week, or if they had something challenging if they, you know, and you share as much as you want.
Kathleen Marshall: I will check in with each person and say, How's your dose doing. Are you having any cravings are you having any new body symptoms like that because I'm going to refill your prescription. At the end of the meeting.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, everyone has to participate in that part. Because otherwise, I don't know, but sometimes it's you know if there's a reason you're very uncomfortable.
Julia freeze: I'll feel better.
Julia freeze: And still is going to be will be anxious
Kathleen Marshall: We want everyone to be honest. But, you know, and we've had. We certainly people will say I had a relapse. I did methamphetamine or
Kathleen Marshall: But some people you know don't want to say that even though that's the point of the group is to just put it all out there. But if there's some reason that you didn't want to
Kathleen Marshall: Something happened that week.
Julia freeze: I would tell a doctor, but I don't like telling a group
Kathleen Marshall: Right. Not going to be your
Julia freeze: Relapse
Than me
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah, so you'll you'll, you'll get a feel for how it goes. It really is for you. It's your place and and you know, everyone is found by privacy, but you'll, you'll get a feel for it.
Kathleen Marshall: So I'm going to look at your pharmacy here.
Kathleen Marshall: Do you know what pharmacy, because I would love to get you started on something tonight.
Julia freeze: Just to see if my friends. Can I go, I'm the only one that was open was Walgreens on oleander
Kathleen Marshall: And
Julia freeze: Other that I used to use for Suboxone it was Walgreens on South 17th in Wilmington.
Julia freeze: But I think that they were closed because I was going to have you send it there originally, but I think that they're closed in early because the virus, which I didn't think that pharmacies were changing their hours but yeah
Kathleen Marshall: I have actually is your pharmacy, the Harris Teeter
Julia freeze: Yeah, that's my normal pharmacy, but they close it like seven or eight
Kathleen Marshall: And so, which one do you think is open. Instead, it's a Walmart, where
Julia freeze: It's Walgreens on only or
Julia freeze: Is it only under Dr. Blake that main road.
Julia freeze: It's only inner drive. He's not listening.
Julia freeze: in Wilmington.
Julia freeze: It's a Walgreens.
Kathleen Marshall: This says that they're that they're open 24 hours on Google.
Julia freeze: Yeah, that one, that one was open. Nice. They should have the box.
Julia freeze: Um, it's hard to find around here. It's far
Julia freeze: Yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: Let me give them a call first while we're on the phone and make
Julia freeze: Excuses like 30 minutes out that here's teeter
Julia freeze: Yeah, that's the only one open that's crazy to me because we normally have like five open pharmacies 24 hours.
Kathleen Marshall: Hi, this is Dr. Marshall, I am doing a TV for a company bright heart health for opioid abuse.
Julia freeze: Treatment
Kathleen Marshall: With Suboxone and I'm with a patient here trying to find out if you we see you as one of the 24 hour pharmacies close to her. If you have Suboxone available for me to prescribe tabs in particular.
Kathleen Marshall: I'm going to be prescribing, and I'm going to do it through.
Kathleen Marshall: prescribe it is just calling to make sure what's available to eight milligrams
Kathleen Marshall: Two tabs.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, great. I'll be sending in the prescription doing over a prescribed
Kathleen Marshall: All right. Thank you.
Kathleen Marshall: Yes, they have it there, the tabs.
Julia freeze: Pain ever. It was like Los short shortage everywhere. Yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: There's the
Julia freeze: Inner web, but I've just kept using that form and see all the way out there.
Yeah.
Julia freeze: I can switch pharmacies now.
Kathleen Marshall: Let me
Kathleen Marshall: Alright, so I'm going to send that through. You're going to see us on Tuesday, check in a little, you know, earlier on.
Julia freeze: And then
Kathleen Marshall: If the meeting is at seven. So check in around 636 40 to do the assessment, but you can check in tomorrow or Monday with your urine drug screen. Did you ever get your just your basic blood work.
Julia freeze: Let me look here. Now they put that in yesterday.
Julia freeze: Great to take a paper with me. I've got my email confirmation where they send me the address. Yesterday I do I have to take anything with me.
Kathleen Marshall: I'm not sure of that question. You could when you call it about your urine ask about that too and don't do a double urine. If the test at the lab includes the urine test. You don't need to do bright heart health, your entire life at the same day.
Julia freeze: I'm probably doing tomorrow so called him and asked him if I have to breathe.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay. Yeah. And then just hold on to bright heart house we can use that for your next scheduled you're in. Okay. You don't need. We don't need to see
Julia freeze: Ya.
Kathleen Marshall: Alright, so I'm going to send this so you go ahead over there and and then I'll see you on to them, but I'm glad to see your back.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah. All right.
Julia freeze: Every day, night.
Kathleen Marshall: Good night.
Kathleen Marshall: The expert is reviewed and shows an audit see score of zero and adapt 10s or of nine.
Kathleen Marshall: Patients plan will be to be on a non paper treatment, she will be in weekly group and
Kathleen Marshall: A few or no relapses she will continue with her psychiatrist and she will
Kathleen Marshall: Have her urine drug screen weekly. Bam.
Kathleen Marshall: And she needs to get her blood or bloodwork her initial blood work.
Kathleen Marshall: And just to clarify this patient was previously seen chemo for two prior note.
Kathleen Marshall: From the end of April.
Kathleen Marshall: For her initial admission notes for any further details. All right. Thank you very much.